First, a task with the id a2986 and the label "Identify resources" occurs. Then a task with the id a2987 and the label "Create bot" occurs. Afterwards, this is followed by an infinite loop (no condidition). Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a2988 and the label "Start farming". Afterwards, this is followed by an pre_test decision with 3 branches. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D1. The first branch of D1 is executed if the condition is "Disaster strikes". The first entry in in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a2989 and the label "Natural disaster". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a2988 and the label "Start farming". The second branch of D1 is executed if the condition is "Milestone reached". The first entry in in the second branch of D1 is a task with the id a2990 and the label "Reach milestone". Subsequently, this is followed by an exclusive decision with 2 branches. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D2. The first branch of D2 is executed if the condition is "More resources needed". The only entry in the first branch of D2 is a task with the id a2988 and the label "Start farming". The second branch of D2 is executed if the condition is "All resources gathered". The first entry in in the second branch of D2 is a task with the id a2992 and the label "Finish farming". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a2993 and the label "Brag to friends". At this point we escape the innermost loop. At this point all branches of D2 are finished. The third branch of D1 is executed if the condition is "Update resources". The first entry in in the third branch of D1 is a task with the id a2991 and the label "Update resources". Subsequently an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D3. The first branch of D3 is executed if the condition is "More resources needed". The only entry in the first branch of D3 is a task with the id a2988 and the label "Start farming". The second branch of D3 is executed if the condition is "All resources gathered". The first entry in in the second branch of D3 is a task with the id a2992 and the label "Finish farming". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a2993 and the label "Brag to friends". At this point we escape the innermost loop. At this point all branches of D3 are finished. At this point all branches of D1 are finished, and the process ends.