First, a task with the id a2 and the label "Identify resources" occurs. Subsequently a task with the id a3 and the label "Create bot" occurs. Subsequently an infinite loop (no condidition) occurs. Subsequently, this is followed by a task with the id a4 and the label "Start farming". Afterwards, this is followed by an pre_test decision with 3 branches. The first decision branch is executed if the condition is "Disaster strikes". The first entry in in the first decision branch is a task with the id a5 and the label "Natural disaster". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a4 and the label "Start farming". The second decision branch is executed if the condition is "Milestone reached". The first entry in in the second decision branch is a task with the id a6 and the label "Reach milestone". Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. The first decision branch is executed if the condition is "More resources needed". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a4 and the label "Start farming". The second decision branch is executed if the condition is "All resources gathered". The first entry in in the second decision branch is a task with the id a8 and the label "Finish farming". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a9 and the label "Brag to friends". At this point we escape the innermost loop. At this point all decision branches are finished. The third decision branch is executed if the condition is "Update resources". The first entry in in the third decision branch is a task with the id a7 and the label "Update resources". Subsequently, this is followed by an exclusive decision with 2 branches. The first decision branch is executed if the condition is "More resources needed". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a4 and the label "Start farming". The second decision branch is executed if the condition is "All resources gathered". The first entry in in the second decision branch is a task with the id a8 and the label "Finish farming". Subsequently, this is followed by a task with the id a9 and the label "Brag to friends". At this point we escape the innermost loop. At this point all decision branches are finished. At this point all decision branches are finished, and the process ends.