First, a task with the id a2 and the label "Login" occurs. Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a3 and the label "Check Credentials". Subsequently, this is followed by an exclusive decision with 2 branches. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D1. The first branch of D1 is executed if the condition is "Login Successful". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is an infinite loop (no condidition). The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a4 and the label "Select Products". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a5 and the label "Add to Cart". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a6 and the label "Save Product". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a7 and the label "Check Selected Products". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a loop, which starts if the condition "Not All Products Selected" is met,. The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a4 and the label "Select Products". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a5 and the label "Add to Cart". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a6 and the label "Save Product". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a7 and the label "Check Selected Products". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a8 and the label "Finish Order". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a9 and the label "Prepare Payment and Shipment". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a parallel gateway with 2 branches, furthermore dubbed PG1,. The first entry in in the first parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a10 and the label "Enter Payment Data". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a11 and the label "Wait for Bank Confirmation". The first entry in in the second parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a12 and the label "Enter Shipping Address". At this point the branches of PG1 are joined. The second branch of D1 is executed if the condition is "Login Unsuccessful". At this point all branches of D1 are finished, and the process ends.