First, a task with the id a2 and the label "Read order" occurs. Then an infinite loop (no condidition) occurs. Then a task with the id a3 and the label "Check product stock" occurs. Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D1. The first branch of D1 is executed if the condition is "In stock". The only entry in the first branch of D1 is a task with the id a4 and the label "Withdraw product". The second branch of D1 is executed if the condition is "Not in stock". The first entry in in the second branch of D1 is a task with the id a5 and the label "Reorder product". Then a task with the id a6 and the label "Wait for product" occurs. Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D2. The first branch of D2 is executed if the condition is "Wait > 10 days". The only entry in the first branch of D2 is a task with the id a7 and the label "Demand penalty". The second branch of D2 is executed if the condition is "Wait <= 10 days". Following this, all branches of D2 are finished. Following this, all branches of D1 are finished. Then a task with the id a8 and the label "Register product" occurs. Then a task with the id a9 and the label "Check order status" occurs. Then an infinite loop (no condidition) occurs. Then a task with the id a3 and the label "Check product stock" occurs. Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D3. The first branch of D3 is executed if the condition is "In stock". The only entry in the first branch of D3 is a task with the id a4 and the label "Withdraw product". The second branch of D3 is executed if the condition is "Not in stock". The first entry in in the second branch of D3 is a task with the id a5 and the label "Reorder product". Then a task with the id a6 and the label "Wait for product" occurs. Then an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. This decision will be furthermore refered to as D4. The first branch of D4 is executed if the condition is "Wait > 10 days". The only entry in the first branch of D4 is a task with the id a7 and the label "Demand penalty". The second branch of D4 is executed if the condition is "Wait <= 10 days". Following this, all branches of D4 are finished. Following this, all branches of D3 are finished. Then a task with the id a8 and the label "Register product" occurs. Then a task with the id a9 and the label "Check order status" occurs. Then a task with the id a10 and the label "Request courier and pack" occurs, and the process ends.