First, a task with the id a2 and the label "Read order" occurs. Subsequently, this is followed by an infinite loop (no condidition). Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a3 and the label "Check product stock". Subsequently an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. The first decision branch is executed if the condition is "In stock". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a4 and the label "Withdraw product". The second decision branch is executed if the condition is "Not in stock". The first entry in in the second decision branch is a task with the id a5 and the label "Reorder product". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a6 and the label "Wait for product". Afterwards, this is followed by an exclusive decision with 2 branches. The first decision branch is executed if the condition is "Wait > 10 days". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a7 and the label "Demand penalty". The second decision branch is executed if the condition is "Wait <= 10 days". At this point all decision branches are finished. At this point all decision branches are finished. Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a8 and the label "Register product". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a9 and the label "Check order status". Subsequently an infinite loop (no condidition) occurs. Subsequently, this is followed by a task with the id a3 and the label "Check product stock". Subsequently, this is followed by an exclusive decision with 2 branches. The first decision branch is executed if the condition is "In stock". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a4 and the label "Withdraw product". The second decision branch is executed if the condition is "Not in stock". The first entry in in the second decision branch is a task with the id a5 and the label "Reorder product". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a6 and the label "Wait for product". Subsequently, this is followed by an exclusive decision with 2 branches. The first decision branch is executed if the condition is "Wait > 10 days". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a7 and the label "Demand penalty". The second decision branch is executed if the condition is "Wait <= 10 days". At this point all decision branches are finished. At this point all decision branches are finished. Subsequently, this is followed by a task with the id a8 and the label "Register product". Then a task with the id a9 and the label "Check order status" occurs. Subsequently a task with the id a10 and the label "Request courier and pack" occurs, and the process ends.