First, a task with the id a2069 and the label "Login" occurs. Then a task with the id a2070 and the label "Check Credentials" occurs. Subsequently an exclusive decision with 2 branches occurs. The first decision branch is executed if the condition is "Login Successful". The only entry in the first decision branch is an infinite loop (no condidition). The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2071 and the label "Select Products". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2072 and the label "Add to Cart". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2073 and the label "Save Product". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2074 and the label "Check Selected Products". The only entry in the first decision branch is a loop, which starts if the condition "Not All Products Selected" is met,. The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2071 and the label "Select Products". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2072 and the label "Add to Cart". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2073 and the label "Save Product". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2074 and the label "Check Selected Products". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2075 and the label "Finish Order". The only entry in the first decision branch is a task with the id a2076 and the label "Prepare Payment and Shipment". The only entry in the first decision branch is a parallel gateway with 2 branches. The first entry in in the first parallel branch is a task with the id a2077 and the label "Enter Payment Data". Subsequently, this is followed by a task with the id a2078 and the label "Wait for Bank Confirmation". The first entry in in the second parallel branch is a task with the id a2079 and the label "Enter Shipping Address". At this point the parallel branches are joined. The second decision branch is executed if the condition is "Login Unsuccessful". At this point all decision branches are finished, and the process ends.