First, an infinite loop (no condidition) occurs. Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a1 and the label "Customer provides chainsaw properties". Subsequently a parallel gateway with 3 branches, furthermore dubbed PG1, occurs. The first entry in in the first parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a5 and the label "Order guide bar". The first entry in in the second parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a7 and the label "Order chain width". The first entry in in the third parallel branch of PG1 is a task with the id a9 and the label "Order chainsaw type". At this point the branches of PG1 are joined. Then a task with the id a17 and the label "Inspect parts" occurs. Subsequently a task with the id a19 and the label "Assemble chainsaw" occurs. Subsequently, this is followed by a task with the id a21 and the label "Send updates to customer". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a23 and the label "Send first chainsaw to customer". Afterwards, this is followed by an infinite loop (no condidition). Subsequently a task with the id a29 and the label "Adjust chainsaw properties" occurs. Subsequently, this is followed by a task with the id a1 and the label "Customer provides chainsaw properties". Then a parallel gateway with 3 branches, furthermore dubbed PG2, occurs. The first entry in in the first parallel branch of PG2 is a task with the id a5 and the label "Order guide bar". The first entry in in the second parallel branch of PG2 is a task with the id a7 and the label "Order chain width". The first entry in in the third parallel branch of PG2 is a task with the id a9 and the label "Order chainsaw type". At this point the branches of PG2 are joined. Then a task with the id a17 and the label "Inspect parts" occurs. Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a19 and the label "Assemble chainsaw". Afterwards, this is followed by a task with the id a21 and the label "Send updates to customer". Then a task with the id a23 and the label "Send first chainsaw to customer" occurs. Subsequently a task with the id a27 and the label "Produce rest of order" occurs, and the process ends.